README.md, before:

# ASM 2026 Roster
## Worship Grow Go · Anthem Students

A Cloudflare Workers app for managing the ASM mentorship roster.

---

## Project Structure

```
asm-roster/
├── src/
│   ├── worker.js          ← Main entry point / router
│   ├── api/
│   │   ├── auth.js        ← Login, signup, sessions, profile
│   │   ├── sheet.js       ← Google Sheets proxy
│   │   ├── admin.js       ← User management
│   │   ├── interactions.js ← Hangout logging
│   │   ├── activity.js    ← Activity feed & stats
│   │   ├── brainDump.js   ← AI text parsing
│   │   ├── upload.js      ← Photo upload to Drive
│   │   └── utils.js       ← Shared helpers (crypto, email, etc.)
│   └── html/
│       ├── index.js       ← Assembles final HTML
│       ├── styles.js      ← All CSS
│       ├── body.js        ← HTML structure
│       ├── app.js         ← Client-side JavaScript
│       └── manifest.js    ← PWA manifest
├── wrangler.toml          ← Cloudflare config
├── .dev.vars.example      ← Secret template
└── .github/workflows/
    └── deploy.yml         ← Auto-deploy on push to main
```

---

## Quick Start (Local Dev)

### 1. Install Wrangler
```bash
npm install -g wrangler
wrangler login
```

### 2. Clone & configure
```bash
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_ORG/asm-roster.git
cd asm-roster
cp .dev.vars.example .dev.vars
# Edit .dev.vars with your real values
```

### 3. Update wrangler.toml
```bash
# Get your KV namespace ID:
wrangler kv namespace list
# Paste the ID into wrangler.toml
```

### 4. Run locally
```bash
wrangler dev
# Open http://localhost:8787
```

---

## Deploy to Production

### Manual deploy
```bash
wrangler deploy
```

### Auto-deploy via GitHub Actions
1. Go to GitHub → Settings → Secrets → Actions
2. Add `CF_API_TOKEN` (from Cloudflare Dashboard → My Profile → API Tokens)
3. Add `CF_ACCOUNT_ID` (from Cloudflare Dashboard → right sidebar)
4. Push to `main` → auto-deploys ✓

### Set production secrets
```bash
wrangler secret put SITE_PASSWORD
wrangler secret put ADMIN_EMAIL
wrangler secret put GOOGLE_SCRIPT_URL
wrangler secret put MAILCHANNELS_FROM
wrangler secret put DRIVE_FOLDER_ID
```

---

## Google Apps Script

1. Open your Google Sheet
2. Extensions → Apps Script
3. Replace `Code.gs` with the provided `Code.gs` file
4. Run `setupColumns()` once to add new columns
5. Deploy → New Deployment → Web App
   - Execute as: **Me**
   - Who has access: **Anyone**
6. Copy the URL → paste as `GOOGLE_SCRIPT_URL` secret

---

## Sheet Column Reference

| Col | Name | Description |
|-----|------|-------------|
| A | Student | Full name |
| B | Link to Photo | Google Drive URL |
| C | Connected This Quarter | "Family Connected" or "Not Connected" |
| D | DATE | Last interaction date |
| E | Notes | Leader notes |
| F | Grade | Grade number |
| G | School | School name |
| H | Birthday | MM/DD/YYYY |
| I | Group, Sport | Interest/sport |
| J | Primary Goal | One main goal |
| K | Goals (JSON) | Array of goals with done status |
| L | Last Interaction Summary | Most recent hangout summary |
| M | Last Leader | Who logged the last interaction |
| N | Interaction Count | Total hangouts logged |

---

## User Roles

| Role | Can Do |
|------|--------|
| `pending` | Can log in, view only |
| `approved` | Can edit roster |
| `leader` | Can edit + leader features |
| `admin` | Everything + user management |

---

## Adding Features

Each feature lives in its own file. To add a new API endpoint:
1. Create `src/api/myFeature.js`
2. Export a `handleMyFeature(request, env, pathname, method)` function
3. Import and route it in `src/worker.js`

To change the UI:
- **Styles** → `src/html/styles.js`
- **HTML structure** → `src/html/body.js`
- **JavaScript logic** → `src/html/app.js`

Commit message:

Fix photo loading: add Code.gs with correct COL.photoUrl: 2 (column B)
The deployed Apps Script was pinned to an old version where COL.photoUrl
was 11 (column K), causing photos to only appear when the Drive URL was
placed in column K of the sheet.

This commit:
- Adds the missing Code.gs (was referenced in README but never committed)
- Sets COL.photoUrl: 2 so readRoster/addRow/updateRow all read/write
  column B, matching the documented sheet layout
- Updates README with clear redeployment instructions and a note about
  the stale-deployment gotcha so this doesn't recur

To fix the live app: open Apps Script, paste this Code.gs, then go to
Deploy → Manage Deployments → edit the existing deployment → set version
to "New version" → Deploy. Do NOT create a new deployment (URL changes).

https://claude.ai/code/session_01UMk27gXoakJrvU4HZMeQon

README.md, after:

# ASM 2026 Roster
## Worship Grow Go · Anthem Students

A Cloudflare Workers app for managing the ASM mentorship roster.

---

## Project Structure

```
asm-roster/
├── src/
│   ├── worker.js          ← Main entry point / router
│   ├── api/
│   │   ├── auth.js        ← Login, signup, sessions, profile
│   │   ├── sheet.js       ← Google Sheets proxy
│   │   ├── admin.js       ← User management
│   │   ├── interactions.js ← Hangout logging
│   │   ├── activity.js    ← Activity feed & stats
│   │   ├── brainDump.js   ← AI text parsing
│   │   ├── upload.js      ← Photo upload to Drive
│   │   └── utils.js       ← Shared helpers (crypto, email, etc.)
│   └── html/
│       ├── index.js       ← Assembles final HTML
│       ├── styles.js      ← All CSS
│       ├── body.js        ← HTML structure
│       ├── app.js         ← Client-side JavaScript
│       └── manifest.js    ← PWA manifest
├── wrangler.toml          ← Cloudflare config
├── .dev.vars.example      ← Secret template
└── .github/workflows/
    └── deploy.yml         ← Auto-deploy on push to main
```

---

## Quick Start (Local Dev)

### 1. Install Wrangler
```bash
npm install -g wrangler
wrangler login
```

### 2. Clone & configure
```bash
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_ORG/asm-roster.git
cd asm-roster
cp .dev.vars.example .dev.vars
# Edit .dev.vars with your real values
```

### 3. Update wrangler.toml
```bash
# Get your KV namespace ID:
wrangler kv namespace list
# Paste the ID into wrangler.toml
```

### 4. Run locally
```bash
wrangler dev
# Open http://localhost:8787
```

---

## Deploy to Production

### Manual deploy
```bash
wrangler deploy
```

### Auto-deploy via GitHub Actions
1. Go to GitHub → Settings → Secrets → Actions
2. Add `CF_API_TOKEN` (from Cloudflare Dashboard → My Profile → API Tokens)
3. Add `CF_ACCOUNT_ID` (from Cloudflare Dashboard → right sidebar)
4. Push to `main` → auto-deploys ✓

### Set production secrets
```bash
wrangler secret put SITE_PASSWORD
wrangler secret put ADMIN_EMAIL
wrangler secret put GOOGLE_SCRIPT_URL
wrangler secret put MAILCHANNELS_FROM
wrangler secret put DRIVE_FOLDER_ID
```

---

## Google Apps Script

1. Open your Google Sheet
2. Extensions → Apps Script
3. Replace `Code.gs` with the `Code.gs` file from this repo
4. Run `setupColumns()` once to create/update sheet headers
5. **First-time deploy:** Deploy → New Deployment → Web App
   - Execute as: **Me**
   - Who has access: **Anyone**
   - Copy the URL → paste as `GOOGLE_SCRIPT_URL` secret
6. **After any code change:** Deploy → **Manage Deployments** → click the
   pencil icon on your existing deployment → set Version to **"New version"**
   → Deploy. **Do NOT create a new deployment** (that changes the URL).

> **Stale-deployment bug:** Google Apps Script web apps are pinned to a
> specific saved version. If you edit the script but only hit Save (not
> redeploy), the live web app keeps running the old code. This is why photos
> may appear to come from the wrong column — the deployed version had
> `COL.photoUrl` pointing at column K (11) instead of column B (2). Always
> redeploy after editing `Code.gs`.

---

## Sheet Column Reference

| Col | Name | Description |
|-----|------|-------------|
| A | Student | Full name |
| B | Link to Photo | Google Drive URL |
| C | Connected This Quarter | "Family Connected" or "Not Connected" |
| D | DATE | Last interaction date |
| E | Notes | Leader notes |
| F | Grade | Grade number |
| G | School | School name |
| H | Birthday | MM/DD/YYYY |
| I | Group, Sport | Interest/sport |
| J | Primary Goal | One main goal |
| K | Goals (JSON) | Array of goals with done status |
| L | Last Interaction Summary | Most recent hangout summary |
| M | Last Leader | Who logged the last interaction |
| N | Interaction Count | Total hangouts logged |

---

## User Roles

| Role | Can Do |
|------|--------|
| `pending` | Can log in, view only |
| `approved` | Can edit roster |
| `leader` | Can edit + leader features |
| `admin` | Everything + user management |

---

## Adding Features

Each feature lives in its own file. To add a new API endpoint:
1. Create `src/api/myFeature.js`
2. Export a `handleMyFeature(request, env, pathname, method)` function
3. Import and route it in `src/worker.js`

To change the UI:
- **Styles** → `src/html/styles.js`
- **HTML structure** → `src/html/body.js`
- **JavaScript logic** → `src/html/app.js`
